README.md, before:

# 📸 Nazaare

> A **free**, personal photography site capturing my unique POV of this world 🌍 - nature, mountains 🏔️, scenic views 🌅and more.  
> Clean. Open. Yours to explore and download! 🚀

---

## ✨ Features

- 📱 Responsive & modern photo gallery  
- ⬇️ Download high-resolution images freely  
- 🔄 Monthly photo updates - always something fresh  
- ⚡ Built with pure **HTML**, **CSS**and **JavaScript**  
- 🌐 Hosted on **GitHub Pages** for free and fast access  

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

Check it out 👉 [https://shubhamranswal.github.io/Nazaare/](https://shubhamranswal.github.io/Nazaare/)

---

## 💻 How to Use & Deploy

### 1. 📌 Fork the repository

Click the **Fork** button (top-right) to create your own copy of Nazaare.

### 2. 💾 Clone your fork locally

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/Nazaare.git
cd Nazaare
````

### 3. 🖼️ Add or update photos

* Place your photos inside the `assets/photos/` folder
* Add corresponding metadata in `data/photos.json` like:

```json
{
  "filename": "example.jpg",
  "title": "Sunset Glory",
  "description": "A calm sunset behind the mountains.",
  "location": "Manali, India",
  "tags": ["sunset", "mountains", "nature"]
}
```

> ✅ EXIF data like date taken and camera info will be extracted automatically from image metadata.

### 4. 🚀 Deploy to GitHub Pages

* Push your changes to the `main` branch
* Enable GitHub Pages from **Repo → Settings → Pages**
* Set the branch as `main` and folder as `/root`

That’s it! Your photo gallery is now live 🌐

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

* ⚙️ **HTML + CSS + JavaScript** - no frameworks, just clean code
* 🖼 **EXIF.js** - extracts camera metadata from images
* 🌍 **GitHub Pages** - free hosting for static sites

---

## 📄 License

### 🧠 Code

The site code is licensed under the **[MIT License](LICENSE)** - use, modifyand share freely.

### 📷 Photos

All photos are published under **[Creative Commons Zero (CC0)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)**
→ You're free to **use, share, remix, or download** - no credit needed, but appreciated.

---

## 🙋 About & Contact

* 🔗 GitHub Repo: [github.com/shubhamranswal/Nazaare](https://github.com/shubhamranswal/Nazaare)
* 💼 LinkedIn: [in.linkedin.com/in/shubhamranswal](https://in.linkedin.com/in/shubhamranswal)
* 🌐 Portfolio: [shubham-ranswal.web.app](https://shubham-ranswal.web.app)

---

### 🧡 Built with love by [Shubham Singh Ranswal](https://shubham-ranswal.web.app)

Commit message:

Updated readme and lazy load

README.md, after:

# 📸 Nazaare

> A **free**, personal photography site capturing my unique POV of this world 🌍 - nature, mountains 🏔️, scenic views 🌅 and more.  
> Clean. Open. Yours to explore and download! 🚀

---

## ✨ Features

- 📱 Responsive & modern photo gallery  
- ⬇️ Download high-resolution images freely
- 🌓 Dark mode / Light mode toggle for comfy browsing  
- 🔄 Monthly photo updates - always something fresh  
- 🚀 Lazy loading images for fast initial load and smooth performance  
- ⚡ Built with pure **HTML**, **CSS** and **JavaScript**  
- 🌐 Hosted on **GitHub Pages** for free and fast access  

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

Check it out 👉 [https://shubhamranswal.github.io/Nazaare/](https://shubhamranswal.github.io/Nazaare/)

---

## 💻 How to Use & Deploy

### 1. 📌 Fork the repository

Click the **Fork** button (top-right) to create your own copy of Nazaare.

### 2. 💾 Clone your fork locally

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/Nazaare.git
cd Nazaare
````

### 3. 🖼️ Add or update photos

* Place your photos inside the `assets/photos/` folder
* Add corresponding metadata in `data/photos.json` like:

```json
{
  "filename": "example.jpg",
  "title": "Sunset Glory",
  "description": "A calm sunset behind the mountains.",
  "location": "Manali, India",
  "tags": ["sunset", "mountains", "nature"]
}
```

> ✅ EXIF data like date taken and camera info will be extracted automatically from image metadata.

### 4. 🚀 Deploy to GitHub Pages

* Push your changes to the `main` branch
* Enable GitHub Pages from **Repo → Settings → Pages**
* Set the branch as `main` and folder as `/root`

That’s it! Your photo gallery is now live 🌐

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

* ⚙️ **HTML + CSS + JavaScript** - clean, framework-free, and performant
* 🖼 **EXIF.js** - extracts camera metadata from images
* 🌍 **GitHub Pages** - free hosting for static sites

---

## 📄 License

### 🧠 Code

The site code is licensed under the **[MIT License](LICENSE)** - use, modify and share freely.

### 📷 Photos

All photos are published under **[Creative Commons Zero (CC0)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)** - You're free to **use, share, remix, or download** - no credit needed, but appreciated.

---

## 🙋 About & Contact

* 🔗 GitHub Repo: [github.com/shubhamranswal/Nazaare](https://github.com/shubhamranswal/Nazaare)
* 💼 LinkedIn: [in.linkedin.com/in/shubhamranswal](https://in.linkedin.com/in/shubhamranswal)
* 🌐 Portfolio: [shubham-ranswal.web.app](https://shubham-ranswal.web.app)

---

### 🧡 Built with love by [Shubham Singh Ranswal](https://shubham-ranswal.web.app)
